to notice was it was that mirror that man
of president of the amp is not true and
they have to see arturo vidal tuviese
gotten more than today if this I would like
know what is this
because Catalan does not grasp Catalan
nor what I had done but something I am more
old that four years ago but what
I'm sure it would have taken the
plane and I would have gone to Turin the day I
I
the day of selecting all that I have it
very clear because to see nobody is
irreplaceable in nothing in life that
is shown but in football there
players that have characteristics that
they allow you to choose more things than others
there are players who make the psuv
characterize and arturo has those
characteristics especially with these
last 4 years that I do not see it makes
time but how was his
character inside the court and this is
when this person who can give you the
plus that you need that you can not miss
is in an uncomfortable situation
being young in addition
and you are aware of what is
going by you can not stay in the
desk
you can not room on the desk
saying good and they are going to tell me
I would have caught the plane I'm going to turin
and attract the good and I make it public
just as we have not found two
the juve pulling for her side because a
I assure you nobody has
asked if they ask
continent and youth would have passed the
final of the Europa League would have
Arturo Vidal operated for no reason
because I was waiting for it for the final
of the Europa League and they would have put
whatever it was so that it did not return him and
will play it hit now because they are
outside the europe league and because the
they operated today and not last Friday
because I was waiting to see if what
I needed Monday to be the champion
or not he played his game is fine but
I in Chilean luxury soccer in my
party and my party was to look for that
plus
not because talking while talking
he captured there was no knee improvement but
converse with the authority I understand
that the decision is not that the
make the final decision they were already allowed to
as
the most likely to have been told and
now there is an image is when he held
on the other day when he loses the blues and
celebrated in the championship and jumps jumps
in one on one leg in turn they jump
with both of them and that's because you have to
have hurt and he must have
bothered the meniscus now
I do not know if the decision is made by I do not know if
I would have been a key Italian player
for the Italian national team the juventus
all the same
I do not know but what I do know that if I
I would have been president grabbed the plane
and it does not detail and then we see that
suspend me all the agenda have with
who has and there because if he and the
eyes and has an impact the rest the
rest of the players say today they are
worried about us
and it is at this moment